continent). That will change the
   available time zones, so go ahead and select your geographic
   locality (i.e., country, province, state, or city) in the
   “Timezones:” pane.

   Next, you’ll be asked if your system clock is to be set to GMT or
   local time. Select GMT (i.e., “Yes”) if you will only be running
   Linux on your computer; select local time (i.e., “No”) if you will
   be running another operating system as well as Debian. Unix (and
   Linux is no exception) generally keeps GMT time on the system clock
   and converts visible time to the local time zone. This allows the
   system to keep track of daylight savings time and leap years, and
   even allows a user who is logged in from another time zone to
   individually set the time zone used on his or her terminal.


3.12.2 Make Linux Bootable Directly from the Hard Disk

   If you elect to make the hard disk boot directly to Linux, you will
   be asked to install a master boot record. If you aren’t using a boot
   manager (and this is probably the case if you don’t know what a boot
   manager is) and you don’t have another different operating system on
   the same machine, answer “Yes” to this question. Note that if you
   answer “Yes,” you won’t be able to boot into DOS normally on your
   machine, for instance. Be careful. If you answer “Yes,” the next
   question will be whether you want to boot Linux automatically from
   the hard disk when you turn on your system. This sets Linux to be
   the _bootable partition_—the one that will be loaded from the hard
   disk.

   Note that multiple operating system booting on a single machine is
   still something of a black art. This book does not even attempt to
   document the various boot managers, which vary by architecture and
   even by sub-architecture. You should see your boot manager’s
   documentation for more information. Remember: When working with the
   boot manager, you can never be too careful.

   The standard i386 boot loader is called “LILO.” It is a complex
   program that offers lots of functionality, including DOS, NT, and
   OS/2 boot management. To find out more about this functionality, you
   can read the documentation in /usr/doc/lilo after your system is set
   up.


3.13 Make a Boot Floppy

   You should make a boot floppy even if you intend to boot the system
   from the hard disk. The reason is that it’s possible for the hard
   disk bootstrap to be mis-installed, but a boot floppy will almost
   always work. Select “Make a Boot Floppy” from the menu and feed the
   system a blank floppy as directed. Make sure the floppy isn’t
   write-protected, because the software will format and write it. Mark
   this the “Custom Boot” floppy and write-protect it once it has been
   written.


3.14 The Moment of Truth

   You system’s first boot on its own power is what electrical
   engineers call the “smoke test.” If you have any floppies in your
   floppy drive, remove them. Select the “Reboot the System” menu item.

   If are booting directly into Debian and the system doesn’t start up,
   either use your original installation boot media (for instance, the
   Rescue Floppy) or insert the Custom Boot floppy if you created one,
   and then reset your system. If you are _not_ using the Custom Boot
   floppy, you will probably need to add some boot arguments. If
   booting with the Rescue Floppy or similar technique, you need to
   specify rescue root=rootfs, where rootfs is your root partition,
   such as /dev/sda1.

   Debian should boot, and you should see the same messages as when you
   first booted the installation system, followed by some new messages.


3.15 Set the Root Password

   The _root_ account is also called the _superuser;_ it is a login
   that bypasses all security protection on your system. The root
   account should be used only to perform system administration and for
   as short a time as possible.

   Any password you create should contain from six to eigh