h from
   the X virtual console to one of the first six, you’ll have to add
   Ctrl to the key sequence. So that’s Ctrl-Alt-F1 to get to VC 1. But
   you can go from a text VC to the X virtual console using only Alt.
   If you never leave X, you won’t have to worry about this; X
   automatically switches you to its virtual console when it starts up.

   Once you get used to them, virtual consoles will probably become an
   indispensable tool for getting many things done at once. (The X
   Window system serves much the same purpose, providing multiple
   windows rather than multiple consoles.) You can run a different
   program on each VC or log on as root on one VC and as yourself on
   another. Or everyone in the family can use his or her own VC; this
   is especially handy if you use X, in which case you can run several
   X sessions at once on different virtual consoles.


4.5 Shutting Down

   _Do not just turn off the computer! You risk losing valuable data!_

   If you are the only user of your computer, you might want to turn
   the computer off when you’re done with it.

   To avoid possibly weakening some hardware components, only turn off
   the computer when you’re done for the day. Power up and power down
   are the two greatest contributors to wear and tear on computer
   components. Turning the computer on and off once a day is probably
   the best compromise between your electric bill and your computer’s
   lifespan.

   It’s a bad thing to just press the power switch when you’re done
   using the computer. It is also bad to reboot the machine (with the
   Reset button) without first taking proper precautions. The Linux
   kernel, in order to improve performance, has a disk cache. This
   means it temporarily stores information meant for permanent storage
   in RAM. Because memory is thousands of times faster than a disk,
   this makes many file operations move more quickly. Periodically, the
   information Linux has in memory is actually written to the disk.
   This is called _syncing_. In order to turn off or reboot the
   computer safely, you’ll have to tell the computer to clear
   everything out of memory and put it in permanent storage.

   To reboot, just type reboot or press Ctrl-Alt-Del (that’s Ctrl, Alt,
   and Delete).

   To shut down, you’ll have to log in as root. As root, just type the
   command shutdown -h now. The sytem will go through the entire
   shutdown procedure, including the sync command, which clears the
   disk cache as described above. When you see System halted, it’s safe
   to turn off the computer. If you have Advanced Power Management
   (APM) support in your kernel and BIOS, the computer might shut
   itself off and save you the trouble. APM is common in laptops and is
   also found in certain desktop mainboards.




5. The Basics


   It’s now time to explore the system in more detail. You’ve seen how
   to log in and shut down the system. In this chapter, we explore the
   Linux comand line, how Linux deals with files and directories, and
   some basics on identifying yourself to others.


5.1 The Command Line and Man Pages

   We’ve already discussed the command line—that is, commands you type
   after the shell prompt. This section describes the structure of more
   complicated command lines.

   A minimal command line contains just a command name, such as whoami.
   But other things are possible. For example, you might type: man
   whoami. This command requests the online manual for the whoami
   program (you may have to press the space bar to scroll through the
   documentation or press q to quit). A more complicated example is man
   -k PostScript. This command line has three parts. It begins with the
   command name, man. Then it has an _option_ or _switch_, -k, followed
   by an _argument_, PostScript. Some people refer to everything except
   the command name as the _parameters_ of the command. So, options and
   arguments are both parameters.

   O