 like.

   When you start Debian, you’ll see a _prompt:_ a request from the
   computer for some information. In this case, the prompt is login:.

   You should type your username and, when requested, your password.
   The password does not appear on the screen as you type it. Press
   Enter after both the username and the password. If you type your
   username or password incorrectly, you’ll have to start over.

   If you do it correctly, you’ll see a brief message and then a $
   prompt. The $ is printed by a special program called the _shell_ and
   is thus called a _shell prompt_. This is where you give commands to
   the system.

   Try entering the command whoami now. There is a _cursor_ to the
   right of the shell prompt. Your cursor is a small underscore or
   rectangle that indicates where you’re typing; it should move as you
   type. Always press Enter when you’re done typing a shell command.

   whoami tells your username. You’ll then get a new shell prompt.

   For the rest of the book, when we say to enter a command, you should
   type it at the shell prompt and press the Enter key.

   When you’re done working, you may want to log out of the system. To
   exit the shell, enter the exit command. Keep in mind that if you
   remain logged in, someone could come along and use your account.
   Hopefully you can trust those in your office or home not to do this;
   but if you do not trust your environment, you should be certain to
   log out when you leave.


4.2 Command History and Editing the Command Line

   Whatever you type after the shell prompt and before pressing Enter
   is called a _command line_. It’s a line of text that commands the
   computer to do something. The Debian default shell offers several
   features to make entering command lines easy.

   You can scroll up to previous commands to run them again, or you can
   modify them slightly and _then_ run them again. Try this: Enter any
   command, such as whoami; then press the Up Arrow key. The whoami
   command will reappear at the prompt. You can then press Enter to run
   whoami a second time.

   If you’ve entered several commands, you can keep pressing the Up
   Arrow key to go back through them. This feature is handy if you’re
   doing the same thing several times, or if you type a command
   incorrectly and want to go back to fix it. You can press the Down
   Arrow key to move in the other direction, toward your more recent
   commands. If there are no more commands to move to, the computer
   will beep.

   You can also move around on the command line to make changes. The
   easiest way is with the Left and Right Arrow keys. Try typing
   whoasmi instead of whoami, and then use the Left Arrow key to move
   back to the s. You can erase the s with the Backspace or Delete
   keys.

   There are more advanced features as well (no need to memorize them
   all now, though). Try pressing Ctrl-a. This moves you to the
   beginning of the line. Ctrl-k (the k stands for “kill”) deletes all
   characters until the end of the line; try it from the middle of the
   command line. Using Ctrl-a followed by Ctrl-k, you can delete the
   entire command line. Ctrl-y pastes the last thing you killed,
   reinserting it at the current cursor position (y stands for “yank,”
   as in “yank it back”). Ctrl-e will move the cursor to the end of the
   command line.

   Go ahead and play around with command-line editing to get a feel for
   it. Experiment.


4.3 Working as Root

   Because Debian is a multiuser system, it’s designed to keep any one
   user or program from breaking the entire system. The kernel will not
   allow normal users to change important system files. This means that
   things stay the way they’re supposed to, safe from accidents,
   viruses, and even malicious pranks. Unlike other operating systems,
   Debian is safe from these threats. You won’t need an anti-virus
   program.

   However, sometimes you need to change important