stroy any data previously on the partition. If all is well, select
   “Yes.” The screen will flash as the initialization program runs.


3.7 Initialize a Linux Partition

   At this point, the next menu item presented should be “Initialize a
   Linux Partition.” If it isn’t, either you haven’t completed the disk
   partitioning process, or you haven’t made one of the menu choices
   dealing with your swap partition.

   You can initialize a Linux partition, or alternately you can mount a
   previously initialized one. Note that dbootstrap will _not_ upgrade
   an old system without destroying it. If you’re upgrading, Debian can
   usually upgrade itself, and you won’t need to use dbootstrap. The
   Debian 2.1 release notes contain upgrade instructions[2].

 [2]
 http://www.debian.org/releases/slink/i386/release-notes/ch-upgrading-
 req.en.html

   If you are using old disk partitions that are not empty, i.e., if
   you want to just throw away what is on them, you should initialize
   them (which erases all files). Moreover, you must initialize any
   partitions that you created in the disk partitioning step. About the
   only reason to mount a partition without initializing it at this
   point would be to mount a partition upon which you have already
   performed some part of the installation process using this same set
   of installation floppies.

   Select the “Next” menu item to initialize and mount the / disk
   partition. The first partition that you mount or initialize will be
   the one mounted as / (pronounced “root”). You will be offered the
   choice to scan the disk partition for bad blocks, as you were when
   you initialized the swap partition. It never hurts to scan for bad
   blocks, but it could take 10 minutes or more to do so if you have a
   large disk.

   Once you’ve mounted the / partition, the “Next” menu item will be
   “Install Operating System Kernel and Modules” unless you’ve already
   performed some of the installation steps. You can use the arrow keys
   to select the menu items to initialize or to mount disk partitions
   if you have any more partitions to set up. If you have created
   separate partitions for /var, /usr, or other filesystems, you should
   initialize or mount them now.


3.7.1 Mount a Previously-Initialized Partition

   An alternative to the “Initialize a Partition” step is the “Mount a
   Previously-Initialized Partition” step. Use this if you are resuming
   an installation that was interrupted or if you want to mount
   partitions that have already been initialized.


3.8 Install Operating System Kernel and Modules

   This should be the next menu step after you’ve mounted your root
   partition, unless you’ve already performed this step in a previous
   run of dbootstrap. First, you will be asked to confirm that the
   device you have mounted on root is the proper one. Next, you will be
   offered a menu of devices from which you can install the kernel.
   Choose the appropriate device from which to install the kernel and
   modules; this will either be a CD-ROM device or the first floppy
   device.

   If you’re installing from floppies, you’ll need to feed in the
   Rescue Floppy (which is probably already in the drive), followed by
   the Drivers Floppy.


3.9 Configure PCMCIA Support

   There is an alternate step, _before_ the “Configure Device Driver
   Modules” menu selection, called “Configure PCMCIA Support.” This
   menu is used to enable PCMCIA support.

   If you do have PCMCIA but are not installing your Debian system
   using it (i.e., installation with a PCMCIA Ethernet card), you need
   not configure PCMCIA at this point. You can easily configure and
   enable PCMCIA at a later point, after installation is complete.
   However, if you are installing by way of a PCMCIA network device,
   this alternate must be selected, and PCMCIA support must be
   configured prior to configuring the network.

   If you need to install PCMCIA, select t