t characters,
   and it should contain both uppercase and lowercase characters, as
   well as punctuation characters. Take extra care when setting your
   root password, since it is such a powerful account. Avoid dictionary
   words or use of any personal information that could be guessed.

   If anyone ever tells you he needs your root password, be extremely
   wary. You should normally never give out your root account, unless
   you are administering a machine with more than one system
   administrator.


3.16 Create an Ordinary User

   The system will ask you to create an ordinary user account. This
   account should be your main personal login. You should _not_ use the
   root account for daily use or as your personal login.

   Why not? It’s a lot harder to do damage to the system as an ordinary
   user than as root; system files are protected. Another reason is
   that you might be tricked into running a _Trojan horse_ program—that
   is, a program that takes advantage of your superuser powers to
   compromise the security of your system behind your back. Any good
   book on Unix system administration will cover this topic in more
   detail. Consider reading one if this topic is new to you.

   Name the user account anything you like. If your name is John Smith,
   you might use “smith,” “john,” “jsmith,” or “js.”


3.17 Shadow Password Support

   Next, the system will ask whether you want to enable shadow
   passwords. This is an authentication system that makes your Linux
   system a bit more secure. Therefore, we recommend that you enable
   shadow passwords. Reconfiguration of the shadow password system can
   also be done later with the shadowconfig program.


3.18 Remove PCMCIA

   If you have no use for PCMCIA, you can choose to remove it at this
   point. This will make your startup cleaner; also, it will make it
   easier to replace your kernel (PCMCIA requires a lot of correlation
   between the version of the PCMCIA drivers, the kernel modules, and
   the kernel itself). In general, you will not need PCMCIA unless
   you’re using a laptop.


3.19 Select and Install Profiles

   The system will now ask you if you want to use the pre-rolled
   software configurations offered by Debian. You can always choose
   package-by-package what you want to install on your new machine.
   This is the purpose of the dselect program, described below. But
   this can be a long task with the thousands of packages available in
   Debian!

   So, you have the ability to choose _tasks_ or _profiles_ instead. A
   _task_ is work you will do with the machine, such as “Perl
   programming” or “HTML authoring” or “Chinese word processing.” You
   can choose several tasks. A _profile_ is a category your machine
   will be a member of, such as “Network server” or “Personal
   workstation.” Unlike with tasks, you can choose only one profile.

   To summarize, if you are in a hurry, choose one profile. If you have
   more time, choose the Custom profile and select a set of tasks. If
   you have plenty of time and want very precise control on what is or
   is not installed, skip this step and use the full power of dselect.

   Soon, you will enter into dselect. If you selected tasks or
   profiles, remember to skip the “Select” step of dselect, because the
   selections have already been made.

   A word of warning about the size of the tasks as they are displayed:
   The size shown for each task is the sum of the sizes of its
   packages. If you choose two tasks that share some packages, the
   actual disk requirement will be less than the sum of the sizes for
   the two tasks.

   Once you’ve added both logins (root and personal), you’ll be dropped
   into the dselect program. dselect allows you to select _packages_ to
   be installed on your system. If you have a CD-ROM or hard disk
   containing the additional Debian packages that you want to install
   on your system, or if you are connected to the Internet, this