y by your
   acquisition method.

  Configure

   Most packages get configured in step 3, but anything left hanging
   can be configured here.

  Remove

   Removes packages that are installed but no longer required.

  Quit

   I suggest running /etc/cron.daily/find at this point, because you
   have a lot of new files on your system. Then you can use locate to
   get the location of any given file.


3.20.3 A Few Hints in Conclusion

   When the install process runs dselect for you, you will doubtless be
   eager to get Debian running as soon as possible. Well, please be
   prepared to take an hour or so to learn your way around and then get
   it right. When you enter the Select screen for the first time, don’t
   make _any_ selections at all—just press Enter and see what
   dependency problems there are. Try fixing them. If you find yourself
   back at the main screen, run Select again.

   You can get an idea of the size of a package by pressing i twice and
   looking for the “Size” figure. This is the size of the compressed
   package, so the uncompressed files will be a lot bigger (see
   “Installed-Size,” which is in kilobytes, to know it).

   Installing a new Debian system is a complex thing, but dselect can
   do it for you as easy as can be. So take the time to learn how to
   drive it. Read the help screens and experiment with i, I, o, and O.
   Use the R key. It’s all there, but it’s up to you to use it
   effectively.


3.21 Glossary

   The following terms will be useful to you throughout this book and
   in general when you’re talking about Debian.

   Package. A file that contains everything needed to install,
   de-install, and run a particular program. The program that handles
   packages is dpkg. dselect is a front-end to dpkg. Experienced users
   often use dpkg to install or remove a package.

   Package names. All package names have the form xxxxxxxxxxx.deb.
   Sample package names include the following:

     ◼ efax_08a-1.deb
     ◼ lrzsz_0.12b-1.deb
     ◼ mgetty_0.99.2-6.deb
     ◼ minicom_1.75-1.deb
     ◼ term_2.3.5-5.deb
     ◼ uucp_1.06.1-2.deb
     ◼ uutraf_1.1-1.deb
     ◼ xringd_1.10-2.deb
     ◼ xtel_3.1-2.deb




4. Logging In


   Your system is now installed! Pat yourself on the back for a job
   well done! Now it’s time to start using the system. In this chapter,
   we introduce you to the Debian command line, some security
   principles, and how to exit the system. In later chapters, we’ll go
   into more detail on these topics and introduce you to the Debian
   graphical interface, X11.


4.1 First Steps

   After you quit dselect, you’ll be presented with the login: prompt.
   You can now log in using the personal login and password you
   selected; your system is now ready to use. Let’s examine what it
   means to log in and how this process works.

   To use Debian, you must identify yourself to the system. This is so
   it knows who you are, what you have permission to do, and what your
   preferences are.

   To this end, you have a _username_ or _login_. If you installed
   Debian yourself, you should have been asked to give such a name
   during installation. If you are logging on to a system administered
   by someone else, you’ll have to ask him for an account on the system
   and a corresponding username.

   You also have a password, so no one else can pretend to be you. If
   you don’t have a password, anyone can log on to your computer from
   the Internet and do bad things. If you’re worried about security,
   you should have a password.

   Many people prefer to trust others not to do anything malicious with
   their account; hopefully your work environment doesn’t encourage
   paranoia. This is a perfectly reasonable attitude; it depends on
   your personal priorities and your environment. Obviously a home
   system does not need to be as secure as a military installation.
   Debian allows you to be as secure or as insecure as you