he original CD-ROM or
   floppies of the other installed operating systems. If you
   repartition your boot drive, you may find that you have to reinstall
   your existing operating system’s boot loader[4] or the entire
   operating system itself.

 [4] A boot loader is responsible starting an operating system’s boot
 procedure.


2.2.1 Information You Will Need

   If your computer is connected to a network 24 hours a day (i.e., an
   Ethernet or similar LAN connection—not a PPP connection), you should
   ask your network’s system administrator for the following
   information:

     ◼ Your host name (you may be able to decide this on your own)
     ◼ Your domain name
     ◼ Your computer’s IP address
     ◼ The IP address of your network
     ◼ The netmask to use with your network
     ◼ The broadcast address to use on your network
     ◼ The IP address of the default gateway system you should route
     to, if your network _has_ a gateway
     ◼ The system on your network that you should use as a DNS server
     ◼ Whether you connect to the network using Ethernet
     ◼ Whether your Ethernet interface is a PCMCIA card, and if so, the
     type of PCMCIA controller you have
   If your only network connection is a telephone line using PPP or an
   equivalent dialup connection, you don’t need to worry about getting
   your network set up until your system is already installed. See
   section 11.1 on page 99 for information on setting up PPP under
   Debian.


2.3 Partitioning Your Hard Drive

   Before you install Debian on your computer, it is generally a good
   idea to plan how the contents of your hard drive will be arranged.
   One part of this process involves partitioning your hard drive.


2.3.1 Background

   Partitioning your disk simply refers to the act of breaking up your
   disk into sections. Each section is then independent of the others.
   It’s roughly equivalent to putting up walls in a house; after that,
   adding furniture to one room doesn’t affect any other room.

   If you already have an operating system on your system (Windows 95,
   Windows NT, DOS, etc.) and you want to install Debian GNU/Linux on
   the same disk, you will probably need to repartition the disk. In
   general, changing a partition that already has a filesystem on it
   will destroy any information in that filesystem. Therefore, you
   should always make backups before doing any repartitioning. Using
   the analogy of the house, you would probably want to move all the
   furniture out of the way before moving a wall or you risk destroying
   your furniture. Luckily, there is an alternative for some users; see
   section 2.3.6 on page [*] for more information.

   At a bare minimum, GNU/Linux needs one partition for itself. You can
   have a single partition containing the entire operating system,
   applications, and your personal files. Most people choose to give
   GNU/Linux more than the minimum number of partitions, however. There
   are two reasons you might want to break up the filesystem into a
   number of smaller partitions. The first is for safety. If something
   happens to corrupt the filesystem, generally only one partition is
   affected. Thus, you only have to replace (from the backups you’ve
   been carefully keeping) a portion of your system. At the very least,
   you should consider creating what is commonly called a “root
   partition.” This contains the most essential components of the
   system. If any other partitions get corrupted, you can still boot
   into GNU/Linux to fix the system. This can save you the trouble of
   having to reinstall the system from scratch.

   The second reason is generally more important in a business setting,
   but it really depends on your use of the machine. Suppose something
   runs out of control and starts eating disk space. If the process
   causing the problem happens to have root privileges (the system
   keeps a percentage of the disk away from users), you 