the bug report, describe what the problem is, including the last
   visible kernel messages in the event of a kernel hang. Describe the
   steps you performed that put the system into the problem state.




C. Booting the System


   This appendix describes what happens during the GNU/Linux boot
   process.

   How you boot your system depends on how you set things up when you
   installed Debian. Most likely, you just turn the computer on. But
   you may have to insert a floppy disk first.

   Linux is loaded by a program called LILO, or LInux LOader. LILO can
   also load other operating systems and ask you which system you’d
   like to load.

   The first thing that happens when you turn on an Intel PC is that
   the BIOS executes. BIOS stands for Basic Input Output System. It’s a
   program permanently stored in the computer on read-only chips. It
   performs some minimal tests and then looks for a floppy disk in the
   first disk drive. If it finds one, it looks for a “boot sector” on
   that disk and starts executing code from it, if there is any. If
   there is a disk but no boot sector, the BIOS will print a message
   like this: Non-system disk or disk error. Removing the disk and
   pressing a key will cause the boot process to resume.

   If there isn’t a floppy disk in the drive, the BIOS looks for a
   master boot record (MBR) on the hard disk. It will start executing
   the code found there, which loads the operating system. On GNU/Linux
   systems, LILO can occupy the MBR and will load GNU/Linux.

   Thus, if you opted to install LILO on your hard drive, you should
   see the word LILO as your computer starts up. At that point, you can
   press the left Shift key to select which operating system to load or
   press Tab to see a list of options. Type in one of those options and
   press Enter. LILO will boot the requested operating system.

   If you don’t press the Shift key, LILO will automatically load the
   default operating system after about 5 seconds. If you like, you can
   change what system LILO loads automatically, which systems it knows
   how to load, and how long it waits before loading one automatically.

   If you didn’t install LILO on your hard drive, you probably created
   a boot disk. The boot disk will have LILO on it. All you have to do
   is insert the disk before you turn on your computer, and the BIOS
   will find it before it checks the MBR on the hard drive. To return
   to a non-Linux OS, take out the boot disk and restart the computer.
   From Linux, be sure you follow the proper procedure for restarting;
   see section 4.5 on page [*] for details.

   LILO loads the Linux kernel from disk and then lets the kernel take
   over. (The kernel is the central program of the operating system,
   which is in control of all other programs.) The kernel discards the
   BIOS and LILO.

   On non-Intel platforms, things work a little differently. But once
   you boot, everything is more or less the same.

   Linux looks at the type of hardware it’s running on. It wants to
   know what type of hard disks you have, whether or not you have a bus
   mouse, whether or not you’re on a network, and other bits of trivia
   like that. Linux can’t remember things between boots, so it has to
   ask these questions each time it starts up. Luckily, it isn’t asking
   _you_ these questions—it’s asking the hardware! While it boots, the
   Linux kernel will print messages on the screen describing what it’s
   doing.

   The query process can cause problems with your system, but if it was
   going to, it probably would have when you first installed GNU/Linux.
   If you’re having problems, consult the installation instructions or
   ask questions on a mailing list.

   The kernel merely manages other programs, so once it is satisfied
   everything is okay, it must start another program to do anything
   useful. The program the kernel starts is called init. After the
   kernel starts init, it neve