gram.


1.4.2 Conventions

   Before going on, it’s important to be familiar with the
   typographical conventions used in this book.

   When you should simultaneously hold down multiple keys, a notation
   like CTRL-a will be used. This means “press the Ctrl key and press
   lowercase letter a.” Some keyboards have both Alt and Meta; most
   home computers have only Alt, but the Alt key behaves like a Meta
   key. So if you have no Meta key, try the Alt key instead.

   Keys like Alt and Meta are called _modifier_ keys because they
   change the meaning of standard keys like the letter A. Sometimes you
   need to hold down more than one modifier; for example, Meta-Ctrl-a
   means to simultaneously press Meta, Ctrl, and lowercase a.

   Some keys have a special notation—for example, Ret (Return/Enter),
   Del (Delete or sometimes Backspace), Esc (Escape). These should be
   fairly self-explanatory.

   Spaces used instead of hyphens mean to press the keys in sequential
   order. For example, CTRL-a x RET means to simultaneously type Ctrl
   and lowercase a, followed by the letter x, followed by pressing
   Return. (On some keyboards, this key is labeled Enter. Same key,
   different name.)

   In sample sessions, bold face text denotes characters typed by the
   user, italicized text denotes comments about a given part of the
   sample session, and all other text is output from entering a
   command. For shorter commands, you’ll sometimes find that the
   command can be found within other text, highlighed with a monospace
   font.




2. Getting Started


     “_A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step._”
     —Lao-Tsu

   Now that you’ve read about the ideas and philosophy behind Linux and
   Debian, it’s time to start putting it on your computer! We start by
   talking about how to prepare for a Debian install, then about
   partitioning your disk, and finally, how to start up the
   installation system.


2.1 Supported Hardware

   Debian does not impose hardware requirements beyond the requirements
   of the Linux kernel and the GNU tools.

   Rather than attempting to describe all the different hardware
   configurations that are supported for the PC platform, this section
   contains general information and pointers to where additional
   information can be found.

   There are two excellent places to check for detailed information:
   the Debian System Requirements[1] list and the Linux Documentation
   Project Hardware Compatibility HOWTO[2]. For information on video
   card support, you may also want to look at the XFree86[3] Project
   web site.

 [1] http://www.debian.org/releases/slink/i386/ch-hardware-req.en.html

 [2] http://metalab.unc.edu/LDP/HOWTO/Hardware-HOWTO.html

 [3] http://www.xfree86.org/


2.1.1 Memory and Disk Space Requirements

   You must have at least 4MB of memory and 35MB of available hard disk
   space. If you want to install a reasonable amount of software,
   including the X Window system, and some development programs and
   libraries, you’ll need at least 300MB. For an essentially full
   installation, you’ll need around 800MB. To install _everything_
   available in Debian, you’ll probably need around 2GB. Actually,
   installing everything doesn’t make sense because some packages
   provide the same services.


2.2 Before You Start

   Before you start, make sure to back up every file that is now on
   your system. The installation procedure can wipe out all of the data
   on a hard disk! The programs used in installation are quite reliable
   and most have seen years of use; still, a false move can cost you.
   Even after backing up, be careful and think about your answers and
   actions. Two minutes of thinking can save hours of unnecessary work.

   Debian makes it possible to have both Debian GNU/Linux and another
   operating system installed on the same system. If you plan to use
   this option, make sure that you have on hand t