character-based application. It is very easy
   to use; generally, it will guide you through each step of the
   installation process in a linear fashion. You can also go back and
   repeat steps if you made a mistake. Navigation within dbootstrap is
   accomplished with the arrow keys, Enter, and Tab.


3.1 Select Color or Monochrome Display

   Once the system has finished booting, dbootstrap is invoked. The
   first thing that dbootstrap asks about is your display. You should
   see the “Select Color or Monochrome display” dialog box. If your
   monitor is capable of displaying color, press Enter. The display
   should change from black-and-white to color. Then press Enter again,
   on the “Next” item, to continue with the installation.

   If your monitor can display only black and white, use the arrow keys
   to move the cursor to the “Next” menu item, and then press Enter to
   continue with the installation.


3.2 Debian GNU/Linux Installation Main Menu

   You may see a dialog box that says “The installation program is
   determining the current state of your system and the next
   installation step that should be performed.” This is a phase in
   which the installation program automatically figures out what you
   probably need to do next. In some cases, you may not even see this
   box.

   During the entire installation process, you will be presented with
   the main menu, titled “Debian GNU/Linux Installation Main Menu.” The
   choices at the top of the menu will change to indicate your progress
   in installing the system. Phil Hughes wrote in the _Linux
   Journal_[1] that you could teach a chicken to install Debian! He
   meant that the installation process was mostly just _pecking_ at the
   _Enter key_. The first choice on the installation menu is the next
   action that you should perform according to what the system detects
   you have already done. It should say “Next,” and at this point the
   next step in installing the system will be taken.

 [1] http://www.linuxjournal.com


3.3 Configure the Keyboard

   Make sure the highlight is on the “Next” item and press Enter to go
   to the keyboard configuration menu.

   Move the highlight to the keyboard selection you desire and press
   Enter. Use the arrow keys to move the highlight. In most cases, you
   can just use the default U.S. layout.


3.4 Last Chance to Back Up!

   Did we tell you to back up your disks? Here’s your first chance to
   wipe out all of the data on your disks and your last chance to save
   your old system. If you haven’t backed up all of your disks, remove
   the floppy from the drive, reset the system, and run backups.


3.5 Partition a Hard Disk

   Whatever the “Next” menu selection is, you can use the down-arrow
   key to select “Partition a Hard Disk.” Go ahead and do this now,
   then press Enter.

   The “Partition a Hard Disk” menu item presents you with a list of
   disk drives you can partition and runs a partitioning application
   called cfdisk. You must create at least one “Linux native” (type 83)
   disk partition, and you probably want at least one “Linux swap”
   (type 82) partition, as explained in later in this section.

   You will now create the partitions that you need to install Debian.
   For this example, the assumption is that you are partitioning an
   empty hard disk.

   The boot partition must reside within the first 1,024 of cylinders
   of your hard disk (see section 2.3.3 on page [*]). Keeping that in
   mind, use the right-arrow key to highlight the “New” menu selection,
   and then press Enter. You will be presented with the choice of
   creating a _primary_ partition or a _logical_ partition. To help
   ensure that the partition containing the boot information is within
   the first 1,024 cylinders, create a primary partition first. This
   primary partition will be your “Linux native” partition.

   Highlight the “Primary” menu selection and press Enter. Next you
   will ne