ook for help. We
   probably don’t know the answer to your specific problem anyway; if
   you mail debian-user, you will get higher-quality responses, and
   more quickly.

   Always be polite and make an effort to help yourself by reading the
   documentation. Remember, Debian is a volunteer effort and people are
   doing you a favor by giving their time to help you. Many of them
   charge hundreds of dollars for the same services during the day.

  Tips for asking questions

     ◼ Read the obvious documentation first. Things like command
     options and what a command does will be covered there. This
     includes manpages and info documentation.
     ◼ Check the HOWTO documents if your question is about setting up
     something such as PPP or Ethernet.
     ◼ Try to be sure the answer isn’t in this book.
     ◼ Don’t be afraid to ask, after you’ve made a basic effort to look
     it up.
     ◼ Don’t be afraid to ask for conceptual explanations, advice, and
     other things not often found in the documentation.
     ◼ Include any information that seems relevant. You’ll almost
     always want to mention the version of Debian you’re using. You may
     also want to mention the version of any pertinent packages: The
     command dpkg -l _packagename_ will tell you this. It’s also useful
     to say what you’ve tried so far and what happened. Please include
     the exact error messages, if any.
     ◼ Don’t apologize for being new to Linux. There’s no reason
     everyone should be a GNU/Linux expert to use it, any more than
     everyone should be a mechanic to use a car.
     ◼ Don’t post or mail in HTML. Some versions of Netscape and
     Internet Explorer will post in HTML rather than plain text. Most
     people will not even read these posts because the posts are
     difficult to read in most mail programs. There should be a setting
     somewhere in the preferences to disable HTML.
     ◼ Be polite. Remember that Debian is an all-volunteer effort, and
     anyone who helps you is doing so on his or her time out of
     kindness.
     ◼ Re-mail your question to the list if you’ve gotten no responses
     after several days. Perhaps there were lots of messages and it was
     overlooked. Or perhaps no one knows the answer—if no one answers
     the second time, this is a good bet. You might want to try
     including more information the second time.
     ◼ Answer questions yourself when you know the answer. Debian
     depends on everyone doing his or her part. If you ask a question,
     and later on someone else asks the same question, you’ll know how
     to answer it. Do so!


A.1.4 Getting Information from the System

   When diagnosing problems or asking for help, you’ll need to get
   information about your system. Here are some ways to do so:

     ◼ Examine the files in /var/log/.
     ◼ Examine the output of the dmesg command.
     ◼ Run uname -a.




B. Troubleshooting


   In Debian, as in life, things don’t always work as you might expect
   or want them to. While Debian has a well-deserved reputation for
   being rock-solid and stable, sometimes its reaction to your commands
   may be unexpected. Here, we try to shed some light on the most
   common problems that people encounter.


B.1 Common Difficulties

   This section provides some tips for handling some of the most
   frequently experienced difficulties users have encountered.


B.1.1 Working with Strangely-Named Files

   Occasionally, you may find that you have accidentally created a file
   that contains a character not normally found in a filename. Examples
   of this could include a space, a leading hyphen, or maybe a
   quotation mark. You may find that accessing, removing, or renaming
   these files can be difficult.

   Here are some tips to help you:

     ◼ Try enclosing the filename in single quotation marks, like this:
       less ’File With Spaces.txt’
     ◼ Insert a ./ before the filename:
       less ’./