-a strange file.txt’
     ◼ Use wildcards:
       less File?With?Spaces.txt
     ◼  Use a backslash before each unusual character:
       less File\ With\ Spaces.txt


B.1.2 Printing

   One common source of trouble is the printing system in Debian.
   Traditionally, printing has been a powerful but complex aspect of
   Unix. However, Debian makes it easier. An easy way to print is with
   the package called magicfilter. magicfilter will ask you a few
   questions about your printer and then configure it for you. If you
   are having troubles printing, give magicfilter a try.


B.1.3 X Problems

   Many questions revolve around X. Here are some general tips for
   things to try if you are having difficulties setting up the X Window
   system:

     ◼ For mouse problems, run XF86Setup and try the PS/2, Microsoft,
     MouseSystems, and Logitech options. Most mice will fit under one
     of these. Also, the device for your mouse is /dev/psaux for PS/2
     mice and a serial port such as /dev/ttyS0 for serial mice.
     ◼ If you don’t know what video chipset you have, try running
     SuperProbe; it can often figure this out for you.
     ◼ If your screen doesn’t have a lot of color, try selecting a
     different video card or tell X how much video RAM you have.
     ◼ If your screen goes blank or has unreadable text when you start
     X, you probably selected an incorrect refresh rate. Go back to
     XF86Setup or xf86config and double-check those settings.
     ◼ xvidtune can help if the image on the screen is shifted too far
     to the left or right, is too high or low, or is too narrow or
     wide.
     ◼ xdpyinfo can give information about a running X session.
     ◼ XF86Setup can set your default color depth.
     ◼ You can select your default window manager by editing
       /etc/X11/window-managers.
       /
     ◼ /var/log/xdm-errors can contain useful information if you are
     having trouble getting xdm to start properly.

   As a final reminder, try the XF86Setup or xf86config tools for
   configuring or reconfiguring X for your hardware.


B.2 Troubleshooting the Boot Process

   If you have problems during the boot process, such as the kernel
   hangs during the boot process, the kernel doesn’t recognize
   peripherals you actually have, or drives are not recognized
   properly, the first things to check are the boot parameters. They
   can be found by pressing F1 when booting from the rescue disk.

   Often, problems can be solved by removing add-ons and peripherals
   and then booting again. Internal modems, sound cards, and
   Plug-n-Play devices are especially problematic.

   Tecras and other notebooks, and some non-portables fail to flush the
   cache when switching on the A20 gate, which is provoked by bzImage
   kernels but not by zImage kernels. If your computer suffers from
   this problem, you’ll see a message during boot saying A20 gating
   failed. In this case, you’ll have to use the ‘tecra’ boot images.

   If you still have problems, please submit a bug report. Send an
   email to submit@bugs.debian.org. You _must_ include the following as
   the first lines of the email:

   Package: boot-floppies
   Version: _version_

   Make sure you fill in version with the version of the boot-floppies
   set that you used. If you don’t know the version, use the date you
   downloaded the floppies, and include the distribution you got them
   from (e.g., “stable” or “frozen”).

   You should also include the following information in your bug
   report:

   architecture i386

   model your general hardware vendor and model

   memory amount of RAM

   scsi SCSI host adapter, if any

   cd-rom CD-ROM model and interface type, i.e., ATAPI

   network card network interface card, if any

   pcmcia details of any PCMCIA devices

   Depending on the nature of the bug, it also might be useful to
   report the disk model, the disk capacity, and the model of video
   card.

   In 