uld on a text VC. So you can follow all
   the examples in this book using xterm; the only difference between
   an xterm and the text console is that you don’t have to log on to
   the xterm because you already logged on to X.

   There are also a lot of things you can do only in X, which are
   covered in this chapter.

   One note: The default xterm window has a smallish font. If you have
   a small monitor or very high resolution or bad eyesight, you may
   want to fix this. Follow these steps:

    1. Move the mouse pointer into the center of the xterm window.
    2. Hold down the Control key and the _right_ mouse button
    simultaneously. This will give you a font menu.
    3. Point to the font you want and release the mouse button.


9.3 Basic X Operations

   There are certain commonly used operations in X that you should
   familiarize yourself with. This section describes some of the basic
   operations that you may find useful.


9.3.1 The Mouse

   The mouse in X works pretty much the same as the mouse on other
   systems, except that it has three buttons. If your mouse has only
   two, you can simulate the middle button by clicking both buttons
   simultaneously. This is kind of tricky and annoying, so investing in
   a $15 three-button mouse probably isn’t a bad idea. These are
   available from most computer retailers.

   The buttons are numbered from left to right assuming you have a
   right-handed mouse. So button one is on the left, two is in the
   middle, and three is on the right. You may see either the numbers or
   the locations in documentation.

   X has a simple built-in copy-and-paste facility. To select text to
   copy, you click and drag with the left mouse button. This should
   select the text to copy, assuming the application you’re using has
   copy-and-paste support. To paste the text, you click the middle
   mouse button in a different X application. For example, if you
   receive an e-mail containing an URL, you can select the URL with the
   left button and then click in your web browser’s “Location” field
   with the middle button to paste it in.


9.3.2 X Clients

   Programs that communicate with the X server are called X clients.
   Most of these programs will ask the X server to display windows on
   the screen.

   You start an X client the same way you start any other Debian
   program. Simply type the name of the client on the command line. Try
   typing xterm into an existing xterm window, and a new xterm client
   will appear on the screen.

   You may notice that the original xterm is now useless, because your
   shell is waiting for the second xterm to finish. To avoid this
   problem, you can run the X client in the backgroundby adding a &
   after the command name like this: xterm &. If you forget, you can
   place a running process in the background. First suspend the process
   with CTRL-z, and then place it in the background with the bg
   command.

   If you use a program often, your window manager will generally
   provide a way to put that program on a convenient graphical menu.


9.3.3 Troubleshooting

   Sometimes when you launch an X client from a graphical menu, you
   won’t be able to see any error messages if it fails. You can find
   any error messages in the file ~/.xsession-errors.


9.3.4 Leaving the X Environment

   To leave X, you need to use a menu. Unfortunately for beginners,
   this is different for every window manager, and for most window
   managers, it can be configured in many ways. If there’s an obvious
   menu, look for an entry like “Exit” or “Close Window Manager.” If
   you don’t see a menu, try clicking each of the mouse buttons on the
   background of the screen. If all else fails, you can forcibly kill
   the X server by pressing CTRL-ALT-Backspace. Forcibly killing the
   server destroys any unsaved data in open applications.


9.4 Customizing Your X Startup

   When you start X, Debian runs some shell script