ng on its uses.

   For very complex systems, you should see the Multi Disk HOWTO[8]. It
   contains in-depth information, mostly of interest to people setting
   up servers.

 [8] http://metalab.unc.edu/LDP/HOWTO/Multi-Disk-HOWTO.html

   Swap partition sizes should also be considered. There are many views
   about swap partition sizes. One rule of thumb that works well is to
   use as much swap as you have system memory, although there probably
   isn’t much point in going over 64MB of swap for most users. It also
   shouldn’t be smaller than 16MB, in most cases. Of course, there are
   exceptions to these rules. If you are trying to solve 10,000
   simultaneous equations on a machine with 256MB of memory, you may
   need a gigabyte (or more) of swap space.

   As an example, consider a machine that has 32MB of RAM and a 1.7GB
   IDE drive on /dev/hda. There is a 500MB partition for another
   operating system on /dev/hda1. A 32MB swap partition is used on
   /dev/hda3 and the rest, about 1.2GB, on /dev/hda2 is the Linux
   partition.


2.3.6 Partitioning Prior to Installation

   There are two different times that you can partition: prior to or
   during the installation of Debian. If your computer will be solely
   dedicated to Debian you should partition during installation as
   described in section 3.5 on page [*]. If you have a machine with
   more than one operating system on it, you should generally let the
   other operating system create its own partitions.

   The following sections contain information regarding partitioning in
   your native operating system prior to Debian installation. Note that
   you’ll have to map between how the other operating system names
   partitions and how Linux names partitions; see Table 2.1 on page
   [*].

  Partitioning from DOS or Windows

   If you are manipulating existing FAT or NTFS partitions, it is
   recommended that you use either the scheme below or native Windows
   or DOS tools. Otherwise, it is not really necessary to partition
   from DOS or Windows; the Linux partitioning tools will generally do
   a better job.

  Lossless Repartitioning

   One of the most common installations is onto a system that already
   contains DOS (including Windows 3.1), Win32 (such as Windows 95, 98,
   NT), or OS/2 and it is desired to put Debian onto the same disk
   without destroying the previous system. As explained in section
   2.3.1 on page [*], decreasing the size of an existing partition will
   almost certainly damage the data on that partition unless certain
   precautions are taken. The method described here, while not
   guaranteed to protect your data, works extremely well in practice.
   As a precaution, you should _make a backup_.

   Before going any further, you should have decided how you will
   divide up the disk. The method in this section will only split a
   partition into two pieces. One will contain the original operating
   system, and the other will be used for Debian. During the
   installation of Debian, you will be given the opportunity to use the
   Debian portion of the disk as you see fit, i.e., as swap or as a
   filesystem.

   The idea is to move all the data on the partition to the beginning
   before changing the partition information, so that nothing will be
   lost. It is important that you do as little as possible between the
   data movement and repartitioning to minimize the chance of a file
   being written near the end of the partition as this will decrease
   the amount of space you can take from the partition.

   The first thing you need is a copy of FIPS, which is available in
   the tools directory on your Debian CD-ROM. This disk must be
   bootable. Under DOS, a bootable floppy can be created using the
   command sys a: for a previously formatted floppy or format a: /s for
   an unformatted floppy. Unzip the archive and copy the files
   RESTORRB.EXE, FIPS.EXE and ERRORS.TXT to the bootable floppy. FIPS
   comes with 