 will
   be useful to you right away. Otherwise, you may want to quit dselect
   and start it later after you have transported the Debian package
   files to your system. You must be the superuser (root) when you run
   dselect. Information on how to use dselect is given in section 3.20.


3.20 Package Installation with dselect

   It is now time to install the software packages of your choice on
   your Debian system. This is done using Debian’s package management
   tool, dselect.


3.20.1 Introduction

   This section documents dselect for first-time users. It makes no
   attempt to explain everything, so when you first meet dselect, work
   through the help screens.

   dselect is used to select which packages you wish to install (there
   are currently about 2,250 packages in Debian 2.1). It will be run
   for you during the installation. It is a very powerful and somewhat
   complex tool. As such, having some knowledge of it beforehand is
   highly recommended. Careless use of dselect can wreak havoc on your
   system.

   dselect will step you through the package installation process
   outlined here:

    1. Choose the access method to use.
    2. Update list of available packages, if possible.
    3. Select the packages you want on your system.
    4. Install and upgrade wanted packages.
    5. Configure any packages that are unconfigured.
    6. Remove unwanted software.

   As each step is completed successfully, dselect will lead you on to
   the next. Go through them in order without skipping any steps.

   Here and there in this document we talk of starting another shell.
   Linux has six console sessions or shells available at any one time.
   You switch between them by pressing Left Alt-F1 through Left Alt-F6,
   after which you log in on your new shell and go ahead. The console
   used by the install process is the first one, a.k.a. tty1, so press
   Left Alt-F1 when you want to return to that process.


3.20.2 Once dselect Is Launched

   Once in dselect, you will get this screen:

   Debian Linux ‘dselect’ package handling frontend.
   0.  [A]ccess  Choose the access method to use.
   1.  [U]pdate  Update list of available packages, if possible.
   2.  [S]elect  Request which packages you want on your system.
   3.  [I]nstall Install and upgrade wanted packages.
   4.  [C]onfig  Configure any packages that are unconfigured.
   5.  [R]emove  Remove unwanted software.
   6.  [Q]uit    Quit dselect.

   Let’s look at these one by one.

Access

[Illustration: Figure 3.2: dselect Access screen]

   Here we tell dselect where our packages are. Ignore the order that
   these appear in. It is very important that you select the proper
   method for installation. You may have a few more methods listed, or
   a few less, or you may see them listed in a different order; just
   don’t worry about it. In the following list, we describe the
   different methods.

   multi_cd. Quite large and powerful, this complex method is the
   recommended way of installing a recent version of Debian from a set
   of multiple binary CDs. Each of these CDs should contain information
   about the packages in itself and all prior CDs (in the file
   Packages.cd). When you first select this method, be sure the CD-ROM
   you will be using is not mounted. Place the last binary disk of the
   set (we don’t need the source CDs) in the drive and answer the
   questions you are asked:

   CD-ROM drive location
   Confirmation that you are using a multi-cd set
   The location of the Debian distribution on the disk(s)
   [ Possibly ] the location(s) of the Packages file(s)

   Once you have updated the available list and selected the packages
   to be installed, the multi_cd method diverges from normal procedure.
   You will need to run an “install” step for each of the CDs you have,
   in turn. Unfortunately, due to the limitations of dselect, it will
   not be able to prompt you for a new disk at each stage; the way to