could suddenly
   find yourself out of disk space. This is not good since the
   operating system needs to use real files (besides swap space) for
   many things. It may not even be a problem of local origin. For
   example, unsolicited e-mail (“spam”) can easily fill a partition. By
   using more partitions, you protect the system from many of these
   problems. Using e-mail as an example again, by putting the directory
   /var/spool/mail on its own partition, the bulk of the system will
   /work
   even if unsolicited e-mail fills that partition.

   Another reason applies only if you have a large IDE disk drive and
   are using neither LBA addressing nor overlay drivers[5]. In this
   case, you will have to put the root partition into the first 1,024
   cylinders of your hard drive, usually around 524 megabytes. See
   section 2.3.3 on page [*] for more information on this issue.

 [5] See your hard drive manual for a description of these features.

   Most people feel that a swap partition is also a necessity, although
   this isn’t strictly true. “Swap” is scratch space for an operating
   system, which allows the system to use disk storage as “virtual
   memory” in addition to physical memory. Putting swap on a separate
   partition allows Linux to make much more efficient use of it. It is
   possible to force Linux to use a regular file as swap, but this is
   not recommended.

   The only real drawback to using more partitions is that it is often
   difficult to know in advance what your needs will be. If you make a
   partition too small, either you will have to reinstall the system,
   or you will be constantly moving things around to make room in the
   undersized partition. On the other hand, if you make the partition
   too big, you may be wasting space that could be used elsewhere.


2.3.2 Planning Use of the System

   Disk space requirements and your partitioning scheme are influenced
   by the type of installation you decide to create.

   For your convenience, Debian offers a number of default “profiles”
   some of which are listed later in this section. Profiles are simply
   preselected sets of packages designed to provide certain desired
   capabilities on your system. Installation is easier since packages
   that fit your desired profile are automatically marked for
   installation. Each given profile lists the size of the resulting
   system after installation is complete. Even if you don’t use these
   profiles, this discussion is important for planning, since it will
   give you a sense of how large your partition or partitions need to
   be. The following are some of the available profiles and their
   sizes:

   Server_std. This is a small server profile, useful for a
   stripped-down server, that does not have a lot of niceties for shell
   users. It basically has an FTP server, a web server, DNS, NIS, and
   POP. It will take up around 50MB. Of course, this is just the size
   of the software; any data you serve would be additional.

   Dialup. This profile would be good for a standard desktop box,
   including the X Window system, graphics applications, sound,
   editors, etc. The size of the packages will be around 500MB.

   Work_std. This profile is suitable for a stripped-down user machine
   without the X Window system or X applications. It is also suitable
   for a laptop or mobile computer. The size is around 140MB. It is
   possible to have a simple laptop setup including X with less than
   100MB.

   Devel_comp. This is a desktop setup profile with all the popular
   development packages, such as Perl, C, and C++. It requires around
   475MB. Assuming you are adding X and some additional packages for
   other uses, you should plan for approximately 800MB of disk space
   for this type of installation.

   Remember that these sizes don’t include all the other materials that
   are normally found, such as user files, mail, and data. It is always
   best to be generous when cons