benefits that are Free Software. The unprecedented power, the
   ability to speak directly to the people who write the software you
   use, the capability to modify programs at will, and the phenomenal
   expertise of the online support mechanism all combine to make Free
   Software a vibrant and wonderful way to use your computing
   resources.

   Starting with a Free Software such as Debian GNU/Linux can be the
   best thing you’ve done with your computer in a long time. It’s fast,
   powerful, stable, versatile, and _fun_!

   Welcome to the revolution!

   — John Goerzen




I. Guide

1. Introduction


   We’re glad to have this opportunity to introduce you to Debian! As
   we begin our journey down the road of GNU/Linux, we’d like to first
   talk a bit about what exactly Debian is—what it does, and how it
   fits in with the vast world of Free Software. Then, we talk a bit
   about the phenomenon that is Free Software and what it means for
   Debian and you. Finally, we close the chapter with a bit of
   information about this book itself.


1.1 What Is Debian?

   _Debian_ is a free operating system (OS) for your computer. An
   operating system is the set of basic programs and utilities that
   make your computer run. At the core of an operating system is the
   _kernel_. The kernel is the most fundamental program on the
   computer: It does all the basic housekeeping and lets you start
   other programs. Debian uses the _Linux_ kernel, a completely free
   piece of software started by Linus Torvalds and supported by
   thousands of programmers worldwide. A large part of the basic tools
   that fill out the operating system come from the GNU Project[1], and
   these tools are also free.

 [1] http://www.gnu.org/

   Another facet of an operating system is application software:
   programs that help get work done, from editing documents to running
   a business to playing games to writing more software. Debian comes
   with more than 1,500 _packages_ (precompiled software bundled up in
   a nice format for easy installation on your machine)—all for free.

   The Debian system is a bit like a pyramid. At the base is Linux. On
   top of that are all the basic tools, mostly from GNU. Next is all
   the application software that you run on the computer; many of these
   are also from GNU. The Debian developers act as architects and
   coordinators—carefully organizing the system and fitting everything
   together into an integrated, stable operating system: Debian
   GNU/Linux.

   The design philosophy of GNU/Linux is to distribute its
   functionality into small, multipurpose parts. That way, you can
   easily achieve new functionality and new features by combining the
   small parts (programs) in new ways. Debian is like an erector set:
   You can build all sorts of things with it.

   When you’re using an operating system, you want to minimize the
   amount of work you put into getting your job done. Debian supplies
   many tools that can help, but only if you know what these tools do.
   Spending an hour trying to get something to work and then finally
   giving up isn’t very productive. This guide will teach you about the
   core tools that make up Debian: what tools to use in certain
   situations and how to tie these various tools together.


1.1.1 Who Creates Debian?

   Debian is an all-volunteer Internet-based development project. There
   are hundreds of volunteers working on it. Most are in charge of a
   small number of software packages and are very familiar with the
   software they package.

   These volunteers work together by following a strict set of
   guidelines governing how packages are assembled. These guidelines
   are developed cooperatively in discussions on Internet mailing
   lists.


1.2 A Multiuser, Multitasking Operating System

   As we mentioned earlier in section 1.1, the design of Debian
   GNU/Linux comes from the Unix operating system. Unlike common
   des