
           Starting the X Environment
   xterm
                font size, increasing
                        Starting the X Environment
                fonts
                             selecting
                                     Starting the X Environment
   xterms
           Starting the X Environment
   Zip Disks
           no title

About this document ...

   Debian GNU/Linux: Guide to Installation and Usage

   This document was generated using the LaTeX2HTML translator Version
   2K.1beta (1.48)

   Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, Nikos Drakos, Computer Based
   Learning Unit, University of Leeds. Copyright (c) 1997, 1998, 1999,
   Ross Moore, Mathematics Department, Macquarie University, Sydney.

   The command line arguments were: latex2html -html_version 4.0,table
   -split 0 -t ‘Debian GNU/Linux: Guide to Installation and Usage’
   -toc_stars -local_icons -address ‘John Goerzen / Ossama Othman’
   debian-tutorial.tex

   The translation was initiated by John Goerzen on 2002-12-12

    John Goerzen / Ossama Othman






*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DEBIAN GNU/LINUX : GUIDE TO INSTALLATION AND USAGE ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the 