very good documentation that you may want to read. You
   should definitely read the documentation if you use a disk
   compression driver or a disk manager. Create the disk and read the
   documentation _before_ you continue.

   The next thing to be done is to move all the data to the beginning
   of the partition. DEFRAG, which comes standard with DOS 6.0 and
   later, can easily do the job. See the FIPS documentation for a list
   of other software that may also work. Note that if you have Windows
   95 or higher, you must run DEFRAG from there, because DOS doesn’t
   understand VFAT, which is used to support long filenames in Windows
   95 and higher.

   After running the defragmenter (which can take a while on a large
   disk), reboot with the FIPS floppy disk you created. Simply type a:\
   fips and follow the directions.

   Note that there are many other other partition managers out there,
   in case FIPS doesn’t work for you.


2.3.7 Debian Installation Steps

   As you initially install Debian, you will proceed through several
   different steps:

    1. Boot the installation system
    2. Initial system configuration
    3. Install the base system
    4. Boot the newly installed base system
    5. Install the rest of the system

   Booting the Debian installation system, the first step, is generally
   done with the Rescue Floppy or from the CD-ROM.

   Once you’ve booted into Linux, the dbootstrap program will launch
   and guide you through the second step, the initial system
   configuration. This step is described in detail in section 3 on page
   [*].

   The “Debian base system” is a core set of packages that are required
   to run Debian in a minimal, stand-alone fashion. dbootstrap will
   install it from your CD-ROM, as described in section 3.12 on page
   [*]. Once you have configured and installed the base system, your
   machine can “stand on its own.”

   The final step is the installation of the remainder of the Debian
   system. This would include the applications and documents that you
   actually use on your computer, such as the X Window system, editors,
   shells, and development environments. The rest of the Debian system
   can be installed from CD-ROM. At this point, you’ll be using the
   standard Debian package management tools, such as dselect. This step
   is described in section 3.20 on page [*].


2.4 Choosing Your Installation Media

   First, choose the boot media for the installation system. Next,
   choose the method you will use to install the base system.

   To boot the installation system, you have the following choices:
   bootable CD-ROM, floppies, or a non-Linux boot loader.

   CD-ROM booting is one of the easiest ways to install. Not all
   machines can boot directly from the CD-ROM so you may still need to
   use floppies. Booting from floppies is supported for most platforms.
   Floppy booting is described in section 2.4.2 on page [*].


2.4.1 Installing from a CD-ROM

   If your system supports booting from a CD-ROM, you don’t need any
   floppies. Put the CD-ROM into the drive, turn your computer off, and
   then turn it back on. You should see a Welcome screen with a boot
   prompt at the bottom. Now you can skip down to section 2.5.

   If your computer didn’t “see” the Debian CD-ROM, the easiest option
   is to make two floppies for booting (described in section 2.4.2) and
   then use them to start Debian. Don’t worry; after Debian is finished
   with those two floppies, it will find your CD-ROM with no trouble.


2.4.2 Booting from Floppies

   It’s not hard at all to boot from floppies. In fact, your CD-ROM
   contains all the information necessary to create boot disks for you.
   For these instructions, you will need to get two disks. Label the
   first one “Debian 2.1 Install/Rescue Disk” and the second “Debian
   2.1 Modules/Drivers Disk.”

  Creating Floppies from Disk Images

   Disk images are files containing the complete contents