ed to enter how large you want that partition to be. Review
   section 2.3.2 on page [*] if you’re not sure how large it should be.
   Remember to leave enough space for your swap partition (see section
   2.3.5 on page [*]). Enter the parition size you want and then press
   Enter. Next you will be asked if you want to place the partition at
   the beginning of free space or at the end. Place it at the beginning
   to help ensure that it lies within the first 1,024 cylinders.
   Highlight “Beginning” and press Enter. At this point you will be
   brought back to the main screen. Notice that the partition you
   created is listed. By default, a Linux native partition was created.
   This partition must now be made bootable. Make sure that the
   “Bootable” menu selection is highlighted and press Enter. The
   partition should now have the word “Boot” listed under the “Flags”
   column.

   With the remaining space, create another primary partition. Using
   the down-arrow key, highlight the _free space_ entry in the
   partition list. Now highlight the “New” menu selection and proceed
   just as you did when you created the first primary partition. Notice
   that the partition is listed as a Linux native partition. Because
   this partition will be your swap partition, it must be denoted as
   such. Make sure the partition you just created (your swap partition)
   is highlighted and then press the left-arrow key until the “Type”
   menu selection is highlighted, then press Enter. You will be
   presented with a list of supported partition types. The Linux swap
   partition type should already be selected. If it is not, enter the
   number from the list that corresponds to the Linux swap partition
   (82), and then press Enter. Your swap partition should now be listed
   as a Linux swap partition under the “FS Type” column in the main
   screen.

[Illustration: Figure 3.1: cfdisk screenshot]

   Your cfdisk screen should look something like the screenshot in
   Figure 3.1 on page [*]. The numbers may not be the same, but the
   Flags and FS Type column shoulds be similar.

   Until now, nothing on your disk has been altered. If you are
   satisfied that the partition scheme you created is what you want,
   press the left-arrow key until “Write” is highlighted, and press
   Enter. Your hard disk has now been partitioned. Quit the cfdisk
   application by selecting the “Quit” menu selection. Once you have
   left cfdisk, you should be back in Debian’s dbootstrap installation
   application.


3.6 Initialize and Activate a Swap Partition

   This will be the “Next” menu item once you have created one disk
   partition. You have the choice of initializing and activating a new
   swap partition, activating a previously-initialized one, or doing
   without a swap partition.

   A swap partition is strongly recommended, but you can do without one
   if you insist and if your system has more than 4MB RAM. If you wish
   to do this, select the “Do Without a Swap Partition” item from the
   menu and move on to the next section.

   It’s always permissible to reinitialize a swap partition, so select
   “Initialize and Activate a Swap Partition” unless you are sure you
   know what you are doing. This menu choice will first present you
   with a dialog box reading “Please select the partition to activate
   as a swap device.” The default device presented should be the swap
   partition you’ve already set up; if so, just press Enter.

   Next you have the option to scan the entire partition for unreadable
   disk blocks caused by defects on the surface of the hard disk
   platters. This is useful if you have MFM, RLL, or older SCSI disks,
   and it never hurts (although it can be time-consuming). Properly
   working disks in most modern systems don’t require this step,
   because they have their own internal mechanisms for mapping out bad
   disk blocks.

   Finally, there is a confirmation message because initialization will
   de