he alternate below “Configure
   Device Driver Modules.” You will be asked which PCMCIA controller
   your system contains. In most cases, this will be i82365. In some
   cases, it will be tcic; your laptop’s vendor-supplied specifications
   should provide the information. You can generally leave the next few
   sets of options blank. Again, certain hardware has special needs;
   the Linux PCMCIA HOWTO[3] contains plenty of information in case the
   default doesn’t work.

 [3] http://metalab.unc.edu/LDP/HOWTO/PCMCIA-HOWTO.html

   In some unusual cases, you may also need to modify the file
   /etc/pcmcia/config.opts. You can open your second virtual terminal
   (Left Alt-F2) and edit the file there and then reconfigure your
   PCMCIA, or you can manually force a reload of the modules using
   insmod and rmmod.

   Once PCMCIA is properly configured and installed, you should
   configure your device drivers as described in the next section.


3.10 Configure Device Driver Modules

   Select the “Configure Device Driver Modules” menu item and look for
   devices that are on your system. Configure those device drivers, and
   they will be loaded whenever your system boots.

   You don’t have to configure all your devices at this point; what is
   crucial is that any device configuration required for the
   installation of the base system is done here.

   At any point after the system is installed, you can reconfigure your
   modules with the modconf program.


3.11 Configure the Network

   You’ll have to configure the network even if you don’t have a
   network, but you’ll only have to answer the first two
   questions—“Choose the Host name,” and “Is your system connected to a
   network?”

   If you are connected to a network, you’ll need the information you
   collected from 2.2.1. However, if your primary connection to the
   network will be PPP, you should choose _NOT_ to configure the
   network.

   dbootstrap will ask you a number of questions about your network;
   fill in the answers from 2.2.1. The system will also summarize your
   network information and ask you for confirmation. Next, you need to
   specify the network device that your primary network connection
   uses. Usually, this will be eth0 (the first Ethernet device). On a
   laptop, it’s more likely that your primary network device is pcmcia.

   Here are some technical details you may find handy: The program
   assumes the network IP address is the bitwise AND of your system’s
   IP address and your netmask. It will guess the broadcast address is
   the bitwise OR of your system’s IP address with the bitwise negation
   of the netmask. It will guess that your gateway system is also your
   DNS server. If you can’t find any of these answers, use the system’s
   guesses. You can change them once the system has been installed, if
   necessary, by editing
   /etc/init.d/network. (On a Debian system, daemons are started by
   /scripts
   in the directory /etc/init.d/.)


3.12 Install the Base System

   During the “Install the Base System” step, you’ll be offered a menu
   of devices from which you may install the base system. Here, you
   need to select your CD-ROM device.

   You will be prompted to specify the path to the base2_1.tgz file. If
   you have official Debian media, the default value should be correct.
   Otherwise, enter the path where the base system can be found,
   relative to the media’s mount point. As with the “Install Operating
   System Kernel and Modules” step, you can either let dbootstrap find
   the file itself or type in the path at the prompt.


3.12.1 Configure the Base System

   At this point you’ve read in all of the files that make up a minimal
   Debian system, but you must perform some configuration before the
   system will run.

   You’ll be asked to select your time zone. There are many ways to
   specify your time zone; we suggest you go to the “Directories:” pane
   and select your country (or 