information and preventing excessive centralization of the
   world’s information infrastructure. Of course, a lot of us just find
   it great fun.

   Debian is so committed to free software that we thought it would be
   useful if it was formalized in a document of some sort. Our Social
   Contract[8] promises that Debian will always be 100% free software.
   When you install a package from the Debian main distribution, you
   can be sure it meets our Free Software Guidelines.

 [8] http://www.debian.org/social_contract

   Although Debian believes in free software, there are cases where
   people want to put proprietary software on their machine. Whenever
   possible Debian will support this; though proprietary software is
   not included in the main distribution, it is sometimes available on
   the FTP site in the non-free directory, and there is a growing
   number of packages whose sole job is to install proprietary software
   we are not allowed to distribute ourselves.

   It is important to distinguish _commercial_ software from
   _proprietary_ software. Proprietary software is non-free software;
   commercial software is software sold for money. Debian permits
   commercial software, but not proprietary software, to be a part of
   the main distribution. Remember that the phrase “free software” does
   not refer to price; it is quite possible to sell free software. For
   more clarification of the terminology, see
   http://www.opensource.org/or
   http://www.fsf.org/philosophy/categories.html.


1.4 About This Book

   This book is aimed at readers who are new to Debian GNU/Linux. It
   assumes no prior knowledge of GNU/Linux or other Unix-like systems,
   but it does assume very basic general knowledge about computers and
   hardware; you should know what the basic parts of a computer are,
   and what one might use a computer to do.

   In general, this tutorial tries to help you understand what happens
   inside a Debian system. The idea is to empower you to solve new
   problems and get the most out of your computer. Thus there’s plenty
   of theory and fun facts thrown in with the “How To” aspects of the
   manual.

   We’d love to hear your comments about this book! You can reach the
   authors at debian-guide@complete.org. We’re especially interested in
   whether it was helpful to you and how we could make it better.
   Whether you have a comment or think this book is the greatest thing
   since sliced bread, please send us e-mail.

   Please do not send the authors technical questions about Debian,
   because there are other forums for that; see Appendix A on page [*]
   for more information on the documentation and getting help. Only
   send mail regarding the book itself to the above address.


1.4.1 How to Read This Book

   The best way to learn about almost any computer program is by using
   it. Most people find that reading a book without using the program
   isn’t beneficial. The best way to learn about Unix and GNU/Linux is
   by using them. Use GNU/Linux for everything you can. Feel free to
   experiment!

   Debian isn’t as intuitively obvious as some other operating systems.
   You will probably end up reading at least the first few chapters of
   this book. GNU/Linux’s power and complexity make it difficult to
   approach at first, but far more rewarding in the long run.

   The suggested way to learn is to read a little, and then play a
   little. Keep playing until you’re comfortable with the concepts, and
   then start skipping around in the book. You’ll find a variety of
   topics are covered, some of which you might find interesting. After
   a while, you should feel confident enough to start using commands
   without knowing exactly what they do. This is a good thing.

     Tip: If you ever mistakenly type a command or don’t know how to
     exit a program, press CTRL-c (the Ctrl key and the lowercase
     letter c pressed simultaneously). This will often stop the
     pro